One of the best ways that you can scale
up and have essentially unlimited scale
is being able to crack cold paid
advertising audiences. And to be able to
do that, you have to have cold offers
that work really well with people who
have no idea who the [__] you are, have
never had an impression with your brand
or business before. And you don't just
need to be able to successfully crack in
market demographics when you go to cold.
You have to be able to convert needs
convinced and mass market demographics
to be able to have true scale. But
there's a process. There's a flow. And
what we're going to do is we're going to
go from different stages that you need
to roll into and test first before you
get to cold paid advertising offers and
audiences. We're going to go through in
this specific video some of the best
practices that relate to those. We'll
talk about dialing in things like
messaging, what steps you should take in
order to get there, what types of offers
typically work best, and we're just
going to go through the funnels that
also work really well. Welcome into the
video. We're in a little bit of a new
environment here today. We're down here
in good old Miami, Florida, where we
currently reside at. Been here for a
little over 12 years. We're not new to
this. Fun fact, just last night, we
actually tried to come here at nighttime
and film this exact video. And the 750
here, my video guy and I behind the
scenes, we got frapped. I didn't know
that was a thing. I don't think it's a
thing. I pray to God it's not a thing.
Class warfare may have started last
night. It was a biblical story. We had
come to deliver you a message, a great
message about how to get richer and make
a fuckload more money. And instead a
[__] hoodlm, a straightup hoodlm, an
impoverished underdwelling, a critter
had on a bicycle driven by and tossed a
[__] caramel frappuccino on my 750s
and subsequently because the top was
down on my boy and I here. Okay. So, we
came to deliver you a message and
instead we drove back home, changed,
cleaned up a little bit cuz we were real
sticky and the the 750 smelled like a
Starbucks. We got the detailer to come
out and rectify all the impoverished
people problems that they tried to throw
my way. We were back out here last night
filming a different video with the 911
Turbo S for you guys. Same ordeal, just
at night time. It just felt right to
come out here with the 750 and rectify
the wrongs of that impoverished critter
that tried to hold us back. So, here we
are delivering the gospel to you. Okay?
We will not be held back. We will not be
a messenger that is silenced. Okay? So
again, if you're sitting here right now,
may this be your sign, your spiritual
signal from above that you're intended
to be here and receive this just as
we're intended to sit here and deliver
it to you. So, welcome in. Okay. Anyway,
long digression aside, if you're new to
the channel, all we do around here is
talk about million-dollar months. This
exact lesson is fitting into that. Of
course, we're not talking about little
baby [__] We're talking about cracking
million-dollar months with cold paid
advertising offers inside of this videos
and the best practices that relate to
them. So, welcome in. If you're new,
after you get some value from this
video, make sure you subscribe or at
least consider subscribing. And if
you're already a subscriber, welcome
back. Always a pleasure to have you. I
don't think you guys have seen this
specific car yet. I threw some white
rims on it just recently. You were in
Miami, you know? You got to have white
rims, white shoes, white rims. You know
what I mean? It's it's just how it goes.
Okay, so anyway, back to the point at
hand. Lesson number one. What this is
really important to understand. There's
typically like a little game of
hopscotch that you play when you
eventually get to the point where you
need to consider cold paid advertising
offers. Okay? And it's not just
something that in most instances you
just immediately go try to do first. In
most instances, what you're typically
going to do first is you're going to
start with organic traffic, okay? Not
all of you. To be fair to some of you
out there that immediately put your
balls on the table and have more
willingness to take risk. You got a
bigger appetite for risk. You might just
go straight up to paid advertising
audiences and maybe you skip to cold
straight away, which is great, but let
me talk to those that start with what
they consider layup deals first. With
organic, there's an unbound amount of
time and content consumption that
generally occurs that establishes a
strong familiarity bias in every lead
that you're typically selling to. Almost
everybody who sells organically has no
idea how many videos are consumed and
over what span of time they're consumed.
All they know is is that people
consistently show up and just say, "I
watched your videos and that's why I'm
here and I'm buying right now." And and
they're layup deals. Like your sales
team [__] loves these types of deals.
They're so simple to close. They might
as well work at a grocery store and be a
cashier. They're just transactional
people at that point. They're cash
collectors, not really salespeople. They
generally just have to answer a handful
of questions, maybe even a little bit of
followup. The second step that people
generally take is they roll over to warm
paid advertising. And believe it or not,
a lot of people die right here. This is
where a lot of businesses like they they
dabble in this. They might have hired a
shitty agency or two or to be fair to
some agencies, good agencies that just
didn't crack it for them and they gave
up too fast. They didn't have enough
cash to see through the paid advertising
cycle and get it to the point where it
became profitable. And so they typically
give up here. Warm audiences to be clear
are typically just remarketing. It's
just paid remarketing to the organic
audiences that are otherwise left
unconverted. These are your video views.
These are your warm social interactions
like think all the profile interactions,
DMs, messages, content consumption,
visiting profiles, etc. website
visitors, lists, things like that.
That's warm audiences. Again, like this
this can be, especially when you do
video views for some reason, a little
bit colder, but like yeah, you know,
still really close to organic, less of a
familiarity bias, but still enough to
get you a good rorowaz and start the
process of paid advertising. So, this
typically is step two. From there,
that's when cold officially makes sense.
This is where you have a very clear line
of sight to I need to officially be able
to get into offers and opportunities
that are going to crack people who have
no idea who I am and get them to buy and
be profitable on those audiences. That's
where a lot of the scale is. Okay. And
so the first principle that you really
have to understand, the one main lesson
where it all kind of starts is what
works organically is generally not
something that you're going to be able
to roll over to cold paid audiences. You
have to have cold paid audience offers.
Okay? Okay, so let me give you a great
example of this. I on my organic content
right now on my channel. I routinely
pitch things like my inner circle
program, my master internet marketing
offer, which there's links for down in
the description of course that you can
check out. And all I know is if and when
you eventually convert on one of those
offers, you've watched a lot of my
videos here on the channel, you loved
them, you got value from them, you
likely made some money with them, and
you like me as a person, right? And you
say to yourself like, "All right, I'm
ready to buy." If I took those offers,
like if I just took let's say the inner
circle program, okay, which is thousands
of dollars a month. There's minimum
qualifications you have to have just to
qualify to even buy it in terms of what
you have to make consistently every
month. And again, we have commitments in
terms of time frames. That's a very like
high friction offer to take to people
who have no idea who the [__] I am. So
in that case, it's like, do I need to
change the offer? It's like, well, not
necessarily, right? There's very
important things to consider there. In
my world, I've created several
strategies called content first
advertising strategies. And the concepts
of them are very simple. I take content
just literally like what you're watching
right now. And I will pay to distribute
that content towards people who have no
idea who I am. In some of my strategies,
like the Venus Fly Trap or the Venus Fly
Trap 2.0, I will sequence videos before
putting direct response in front of an
individual. And on this channel, I have
an entire breakdown of my original
sequenced content strategy called the
Venus Fly Trap. You can go and check it
out after this full in-depth breakdown
of how that works. Um, and again, I have
the newest iteration of it, the Venus
Fly Trap 2.0, which adds more content to
each step of the process, increases the
probability that people work through the
sequence at a higher rate eventually to
reach the direct response. So, just as
what you're doing literally right now,
you're getting value from me. You have a
higher probability to like me. You have
a higher probability to be like, "Oh, it
seems like this guy can actually help
me." Cuz what I'm doing here is I'm just
putting my expertise on display and
giving you opportunities to make money
from what I'm talking to you about prior
to you actually buying from me. That's
an incredible strategy for info as an
example. But if you have like a physical
product business, like my buddy, he
sells hyperbaric chambers. It's like
sure he could put content sequences in
front of cold audiences who have no idea
who he is and successfully convert folks
by making them aware about how great.
Like as an example, Brian Johnson, the
guy who's constantly bragging about his
nighttime erections and living forever
or trying to live forever, that is, he
fully endorses the potential theoretical
benefits of hyperbaric chambers. Okay?
You put a piece of content like that
from like a known authority figure in
front of somebody before you run ads to
them for hyperbaric chambers, you'd
obviously have a higher probability to
have a person think who doesn't know
you, doesn't know they want to buy a
hyperbaric chamber, that that might be
good for them. You follow that up with
him talking about like right across the
street, you got the Miami Heat Arena.
Miami Heat are actually one of his
customers. Same with several other large
sports franchises across many different
types of sports. Same things with just
rich people, med spas. There's all kinds
of businesses and individuals alike that
buy his products for the supposed
medical benefits of hyperbaric chambers.
And again, if I didn't know I wanted to
buy a hyperbaric chamber, that kind of
content would influence my psyche and
increase the probabilities I'd buy.
Could I do those same exact things
inside of direct response ads and drive
people to a potential purchase? Yeah.
Yeah, I could do that, too. Okay. in
info, there's a higher probability
you're going to need to run like
full-blown content sequences before and
after direct response to increase the
probabilities people buy in shorter
durations of time, especially when they
don't know you. for physical products,
for services that people already
understand but don't necessarily
identify that they're a buyer for. We
have to have some content andor direct
response ads that are very different in
terms of how they're optimized, how the
messaging is, and overall what we're
going to do to attempt to get people to
convert who don't actively identify as I
want that product. I'm ready to buy.
Okay, if I cut myself right now, like if
I just, I don't know, fall down and I
scrape my knee, it's like I don't want
to have some filthy [__] in this nasty
parking lot. just going through my body.
I'm going to go across the street to a
CVS, [__] blast that thing with
hydrogen peroxide, throw some Neosporin
on there, and then bandage that [__]
It's like, I'm not really a inmarket
buyer until I have a cut and need those
types of products. The other day, I'd
gone down to this beautiful little
resort down in the Keys called Little
Palm Island. Beautiful little place, by
the way, if you ever want to disconnect.
Terrible Wi-Fi. But regardless, I
digress. That place, I was just laying
around in the sun all day. I got quite a
sunburn. I'm just a traditional white
boy from the northeastern United States.
I'm not built for this Miami sunshine
and this Florida sunshine that beats
down on me and blesses me every day. I
can get burnt and as a result of getting
burnt. I want to throw some aloe vera on
it in order to make it feel better. You
understand? It's like I'm not just
[__] buying aloe vera unless I have a
sunburn. Then I'm in the market for that
kind of thing. That's where most people
really fall short. they have an issue
where their direct response ads only
scale to the demographic that they're
currently optimized to sell to. If I'm
selling aloe vera and I am only selling
to inmarket demographics, I'm going to
have a bad time. I'm going to have a
limited quantity of buyers that I'm
capable of selling to at any moment.
What would be better to do would be to
find a way to convince people. It's
like, I know the benefits of aloe vera.
I know the benefits of hydrogen peroxide
and neosporin and band-aids, but I'm not
just like actively thinking all the time
like, "Oh, I need to go load up on that
kind of shit." However, with the right
type of ad that gets put in front of
you, with the right type of messaging,
there's a much higher probability that
you can crack that type of demographic
and actually get them to buy. Now, to my
point I am attempting to make, what
works organically and what might even
work with warm paid audiences is not
always what works with cold. Okay? With
cold, there's really a few things you
could choose to vary. Okay, so first of
all, we have this concept from Chad
Holmes, a book called The Ultimate
Selling Machine. He introduces it in
this concept called stadium selling. He
visualizes it like this where he says at
any given moment you have a demographic
of people, a small demographic. He
argues about 3 to 4% which by the way I
generally find to be true that he calls
inmarket customers. And like I just
described these are people who know they
want to buy whatever it is you got. They
actively identify as I got that problem.
You offer the solution. I'm going to buy
it. Or they have the desire for whatever
you're selling for the desirable thing
you offer. They want to buy. Okay, that
is an inmarket demographic. And again,
small percentage, but let's say you
target 100 million people. Having 3 to
four million people as inmarket
demographic buyers is really good. Like
that's still a lot of people, right? If
you converted 3 to four million
customers on your product, I'm sure
you'd have a jolly old smile on your
face. Okay. However, the scale occurs
when you crack these other two layers
which are anywhere from like 30 to 33%.
This specific demographic is what's
called the needs convinced demographic.
Okay, this specific demographic and then
this next layer which is called mass
market. These two specifically are where
you have true and genuine scale. This is
where the real money is. Okay. Now, it's
important to note point number three
kind of relates to this second point I'm
attempting to make, which is you have to
have dialed in messaging. Dialed in
messaging means you're actively thinking
of the demographic that you're talking
to. Like, when I sit here and I make
this video for you, I'm technically
thinking of two different audiences at
the same time. I'm thinking of me taking
this video, spending money on it to
people who have no idea who I am, and
actively attempting to suede them into a
Jeremy fan to eventually spend money
with me. And I'm also more importantly
thinking of you sitting here right now
likely watching this on YouTube where
you are considering okay hey like I
watch a handful of videos on this guy's
channel or maybe you're very new to me
and you've never watched a video from me
before and I'm talking specifically to
you. It's like in the context of also
where you're watching this. You see what
I mean? The point I'm attempting to make
is I will change how I communicate
relative to who I'm communicating to.
Okay. This weekend I go and speak. One
of my clients here in Miami, they
they're flying in for an event they're
hosting, Miss Cody Sanchez. She has me
speaking during a workshop to some of
her higher ticket buyers that she's had.
And to be clear, during that workshop,
I'm talking to people who have no idea
who the [__] I am. All they know is I
run ads for Cody. It's like that's the
only context they have on me as an
individual. So, I'm not going to talk
like they already know who I am beyond
that specific point. I have to introduce
things. I have to do a little soft
flexing and work in specific examples
from clients that we've done over the
years. So, I establish a strong
authority bias beyond the fact they're
already customers of the client that I'm
specifically helping. In this case, I
have to establish the fact that I know
what I'm talking about. I have to
introduce things to them and concepts
that are going to help them make money.
Okay? Again, you have to talk relative
to who you're attempting to communicate
to. The messaging being dialed in makes
a significant difference. Okay? Let me
be clear on this point. I'll give you a
perfect example. I have a different
client. They have a bookfunnel. And the
bookunnel is a great example of an offer
type that can be taken to cold
audiences. Okay? It's low ticket. It's
low commitment. Doesn't take that much
money to obviously transact. And it gets
somebody in the door. And we liquidate
some of the ad spend that it takes to
get them in the door. Listen to this
crazy [__] Okay. On average, it takes a
good four to five weeks in order to see
anywhere from a 0 something rorowaz to
upwards of a four rorowaz. So it's like
one week might be a four rorowaz, the
next week might be a 0.9. The next week
is always a four rorowaz, the next
week's like a three. and it averages out
typically to about a 2:1 rorowaz within
a 4 to 5 week window. Okay, that's what
it averages out to. Now, we're fronting
cash in that example for 4 to 5 weeks.
We're a little bit outside of the credit
card cycle window. So, we're technically
fronting cash, which I don't like to do.
I I typically like to actually have the
cash back by the time the credit cards
are due. You can switch to things like
Facebook invoicing or on the other ad
channels, their invoicing options, which
are going to enable you to be able to
operate on net30. That helps a lot when
you have sales cycles that are this long
because again, we're fronting cash.
We're making back some of that ad spend
with the book sale and some of the
upsells associated with the book. And
long story short, 4 to 5 weeks, $12,000
average order value. The AOV comes out
to about 12K. But listen to this crazy
[__] over the course of the book being
purchased to about five months later,
that whole cycle of time going by,
average rorowaz ends up being anywhere
from about 12 to 1 all the way up to
about 19 to1. Okay, but there's a lot of
inconsistency in the short term. There's
a much like dramatically higher rorowaz
over a broader duration of time, but
that kind of [__] sucks, you know?
It's like not a funnel that we get to
regularly scale up. It's not a funnel
that the organization has extreme
confidence in. It's not something as an
advertiser that we've just perpetually
put more dollars into. Cuz here's the
thing, sometimes that 2:1 rorowaz in a 4
to 5 week window isn't there because
it's not 100% of the time that we're
seeing that 4:1 rorowaz. It's like
either under a one or above a four. And
as a result of that, it makes you lose
confidence in being able to front the
cash even though with a really really
high probability. They're upwards of a
minimum of like 10 to one after 5
months. But it's like, who the [__]
wants to front cash for five months at a
time? There's some businesses that
operate like that, but that's not ideal.
Okay, what's much more ideal is that you
have two different things factored in in
your consideration, front end and back
end. So front end, it's like you need to
be thinking with strategies. Okay, so
strategies are things like content ad
strategies. Strategies are also things
like offers. Okay, so as an example, if
somebody who doesn't know you is
considering like, hey, you know, Jeremy,
your content ad strateg sound pretty
sick. your back-end selling systems.
They sound pretty sick, but dude, I
don't want to spend five grand with you
yet on your lowest ticket product,
Master Internet Marketing. I'd rather
spend like, I don't know, maybe like a
hundred bucks. It's like, well, I could
have a low ticket thing that's easy to
consume, fast to get a result with, make
somebody consume it fast, so therefore
the upale cycle can be fast and bang.
Like, that would be a win-win. Be a win
for us because we'd liquidate the ad
spend to get the buyer. And it'd be a
win for us because we're going to upsell
them fast because they get a result
quick. And obviously, it's a win for
them, too, cuz they're getting a big
[__] result quick. You understand? I
can't stress this enough. It's like the
right offers with cold make or break
everything. If I tried to take my 5K
master internet marketing program and
just market it to people who have no
idea who I am, it's like I could likely
do that to be fair. I could, but again,
it's like rather than the offer
changing, it's the funnel aka the
conversion mechanism. In that case, it
might be a call funnel if I have a
baller offer, but it's more probable to
be something like a webinar. It's more
probable to be something like a
challenge funnel. All right? I could
even do as I just described something
like a low ticket to high ticket
ascension offer. You see, so this makes
a big difference. It's like these are
the three things that I can really
consider. Front-end strategies like
content ad strategies or direct
response. Do I want to do maybe a tweak
on my offer that I'm going to present to
cold audiences and or do I want to
change the funnel type that I'm going to
put those people through without
changing the offer itself? Then I have
the backend to consider. So the backend
is a little different. Backend can be
things like our lifetime value. This is
where we look at all right if I can
acquire a cold audience buyer at like a
break even or a little bit profitable
and I I get my money back. It's like,
well, okay, well, how long is it going
to take for me to just jack the lifetime
value up of that individual, right? That
could justify fronting cash and being
break even on it or just a little bit
profitable and then focusing more on the
lifetime value, aka just upsells, right?
And the speed in which I can get people
to upsell. You understand? It's like in
addition to back-end stuff, it's like,
well, we got all the back-end selling
systems. So, the back-end selling
systems are things like, well, could I
take all of the information that leads
to action and a priority in the
individual's mind? And could I get it to
them through things like breakout
videos, the hammer them strategy, value
dense email sequences, manual outreach
from salespeople. I'll tell you one
thing that I've seen time and time again
that always works is a baller dialedin
sales team. There is truly nothing
better than a dialedin sales team with
all of the best practices of back-end
selling systems tied together. It's so
good what it does for increasing the
probability you actually convert cold
audiences who have no idea who you are
at scale consistently. Can't stress it
enough. So anyway, the point I'm trying
to make is rather than just sometimes
rolling out what's currently working for
you on one mechanism like your organic
or your warm audiences, you have to
consider what you're going to change,
right? Are you going to change the
strategy? Like are you going to try to
replicate your organic sales process
with paid ads through content ad
strategies? Or are you going to change
things like the offer? Are you going to
change your direct response to have
messaging that relates to the specific
demographics that you are attempting to
sell to? Right? It's like all of these
things independently of each other can
create monumental change that helps
drive conversions at scale profitably
for cold paid audiences. But the main
thing, like the absolute main thing, one
of the most important things that you
must walk away with from this specific
video is that cold paid audiences are
where the money is at scale. you're
trying to crack million-dollar months.
Like, you likely already know this. It's
like, it's easy. It's relatively easy.
I'm not making an income claim. 0.1% of
people get to $10 million a year
according to the US Bureau of Labor
Statistics. I don't even know how few
people get to a couple hundred grand a
month. But there's obviously not a
[__] ton of people out here that do.
The point I'm attempting to make is
simple. When I say it's easy, it's for
those of you that are smart, have great
offers, dialed in systems, aren't
[__] idiots, and are actually going
to take consistent scaled actions.
Listen, it's it's relatively easy to get
to a couple hundred grand a month. Okay?
Once you get to a couple hundred grand a
month, it's like that's where you start
the that's where you get the friction.
You know what I mean? That's when you
experience your first layer of like, oh
[__] you know, like what I'm doing now
isn't probable to scale up to that next
level. What do I got to change? This set
of lessons we just talked about is what
you are extremely probable to need to
change in order to get the results that
you're after. So, long story short, you
want the real sauce, you want the
examples of how to do this, the
one-on-one help of how to do this, check
out the inner circle program down in the
description. I do one-on-one calls,
weekly group calls on topics just like
this in extreme depth. We get very
consistent feedback from the risktakers
that are willing to purchase it that
they love the differences in value
density of my paid programs
comparatively to just the free stuff I
put out here on YouTube. My main goal is
to give you as much free valuable good
resultoriented communication that I can
right here on YouTube at no cost to you
to help you be able to more easily
justify purchasing one of my paid
programs. So, if you're ready to take
the leap, check out the links down in
the description. We also do quarterly
masterminds in the inner circle offer.
They have a very active group chat. They
have 18 people in there currently doing
more than a million dollars a month.
Average earners in there do like two to
300K. It's baller for everybody. There's
minimums that you must make in order to
qualify. Minimum commitments as well
that you must commit to in order to be
allowed in. We take that very seriously.
We will not capitulate our standards to
some idiot who thinks that we'd rather
have money in comparison to a baller
dialed in wellprotected community. So,
don't try to work around our systems. We
don't give a [__] We got people that'll
buy regardless besides you. And I want
to be very clear, upcoming end of the
summer. In August, we're starting our
fifth cohort for the master internet
marketing program. Would absolutely love
to have you a part of that at the very
least. Very, very dense amounts of
information, 3 to 5 hours of class. And
look, at the very least, subscribe to
the channel. Go check out some of my
other videos. There's a ton of great
stuff here for you. And uh yeah, go out
there and get richer. Toxin.